A viewer asked for details on building the passband filters used with this Amplifier.
To anyone else interested, here's an explanation of the process:
  With a 5 volt source, and a 100 milliwatts out, I estimated the 
amplifier's apparent impedance to be ~50 ohms (measured at the 2N2222's 
collector, Q3).
To raise the "Q" (and use reasonable component values) in the Pi matching circuit, I chose to increase the 
amplifier's output impedance by using a setup transformer 
(toroid U$1 in the circuit diagram).
For core(s) I had/used T50-2 Micrometals Cores (source: Ebay).
Now to form the winding(s) of this transformer, I took 4 stands of ~28AWG 
wire (wire wrap and or enamel wire should work equally well, & exact gauge is not terribly important) 
and twisted them together, using a fairly tight twist (~5 twists/inch).
I then wrapped 8 turns of this 4 stranded wire around the core. 
One strand is connected to collector/5volts, 
and the other three are connected in series 
(pay close attention to your connections, to ensure that they are in fact wired in series). 
This forms a 3:1 setup transformer. 
And as such, raises the amp's output impedance to ~450 ohms.
Now, for each band I wanted to operate on, I went to a web based Pi 
calculator, like this one:
https://www.eeweb.com/tools/pi-match
And using 450 ohms as the source, 50 ohms as the load, and arbitrarily 
selecting a "Q" of 6, I got these Cs, Cl, & L values for 40 mtrs:

L  =  2.15Micro Henry's
Cs =  303pF
Cl =  802pf

Using the Amidon Calculator found here:
https://www.changpuak.ch/electronics/amidon_toroid_calculator.php
It suggests that 21 turns on T50-2 core will get something close to the 
needed 2.15 micro henrys.
That's the theory. In practice, I used a 220pf, and a 470 pf capacitor, 
wired parallel to give a nameplate value 690pf for Cl.
My T50 core has twenty turns (not 21).
And my Cs has a nameplate value of 470pf.
Here's why. Earlier I assumed that the source resistance was ~450 ohms. In 
reality (primarily because of the transformer), the amplifier's output is 
not a pure resistance, but has an inductive component too.
To get a good match on the source side of the filter, we need to cancel out 
the unknown reactive (inductive) component. That means we are going to need 
more capacitance than what the pi calculator suggests for Cs.
So what I did is start with the calculated Cs value, and put 30 -365pf 
variable capacitor (a standard BC band tuning capacitor) in parallel with it.
Then adjust this variable capacitor to find the maximum stable output (for 
my antenna/or dummy load),
Once happy with the setting, I removed these two capacitors, and measured 
their combined value, (Using a cheap Chinese component analyzer, like this one
http://www.ebay.com/itm/Digital-All-in-1-Component-Tester-Transistor-Diode-Capacitor-Inductor-ESR-Meter-/191870868908?hash=item2cac651dac ).
Then  sorting through my collection of capacitors, I found one 
that gave a close match, to the analyzer's reading, and used it to replace 
the original Cs parallel combination.
Bottom line, what I did here, technique wise, should work for you. But 
because of layout, and parts variations, your best performance might be 
realized with parts having somewhat different nameplate values.
Having an oscilloscope, when working on something like this, is an 
invaluable. And I hope you have access to one. If not, it can still be 
done. But the scope really takes the mystery out of what's going on.


Jim (KW4KD)
[Many thanks to JJ Siebert/ZR6JS for inspiring this write up]

For 20M these are the values found/used:

L  =  1.06Micro Henry's
Cs =  150pF
Cl =  397pf

Amidon Calculator esitmates 15 turns are needed for a value of 1.1uh
on a T50-2 core. I used 14 turns.
CL nameplate value 330pf (but measured 380pf on test instrument)
Cs measured optimum 164pf (into a 50ohm dummy load)  